# owkin_challenge

The repo contains one python file. The python file contains three functions. The first one is used in order to preprocess the datas. Images are not used for predcitions but still loaded and sorted in the same ID patient order as clinical datas just for the sake of demonstrating some preprocessing skills. The second function is a multi-heads/multi-outputs which can be used to analyse heterogenous datas at the same time and to do both regression and classification operations as needed for this challenge. We have considered other methods about which I will be pleased to discuss during a future interview (mainly advanced gradient boosted methods like xgboost/lightgbm/catboost regressor and classifier, then use hyperopt for hyperparameters optimization and then randomizedsearchcrossval for further hyperparameters refinements plus these libraries enable features importance visualization). The third function preprocesses the results of the softmax just in case some results does not exactly equal to either 0 or 1 so that the reviewer can easily analyze the results stored in the csv. 

The csv file contains in index the patient ID and in columns the 'Survival Time' and the 'Event'. 

# Issues Encountered

First of all, I had trouble understanding the shape of the image files (scan, and mask). Thus I have decided to make the predictions based on clinical and radiomic features only. Secondly, I struggled finding a proper function for the concordance index so I decided to send you a csv file with the prediction results on the test set. Appropriate functions and pipelines for survival analysis exist for exemple at https://square.github.io/pysurvival/ (but some functions in this repo does not seem to be correctly programmed even if it looks very promising and easy to use in first instance) or at https://scikit-survival.readthedocs.io/en/latest/generated/sksurv.metrics.concordance_index_censored.html .  
